# Project Part 1 Checklist

**TASK**: Use the two checklists below to guide your work. The checklists below cover two key parts of the project
- The first checklist lists all the different design and group collaboration norms that your group should achieve while working on this project
- The second checklist outlines all the required specification for the topic that you researched and constructed a video presentation on. 

## Group Collaboration Norms Checklist

1. Below is a checklist of different design and group collaboration requirements. A fully done project should have ***everything*** listed below
    - Every group member contributed to the topic research.
    - Presentation has edits from ***every*** group member.
    - Presentation is shared among all members of the team

## Project Part 1 Checklist

1. Below is a checklist of different project requirements for **Project Part 1: Create an Informational Video**. Check them off as you complete them
    - Selected one of the 5 topics from the OWASP Top Ten that we haven't covered in the elective.
    - Presentation contains overview of of the OWASP Top 10 topic you selected.
    - Presentation contains examples of this security risk in web applications
    - Presentation discusses how developers can protect against this security risk in their programs.
    - Video recording is a sufficient length to cover all the content, but does not exceed 5 minutes in length.
    - Video recording of presentation explains content is a clear and concise way so that peers can learn about the security risk you researched.