# Cyber Literacy Elective

>[Intro to Cyber Literacy Video](https://www.loom.com/share/66a680c86ee741f7bbabfed6b5e7f532)

How much is $1 trillion dollars? It’s more than the GDP of counties like Switzerland, Turkey, Argentina, and the Netherlands. If you took out a loan for $1 trillion dollars and paid back $1 per second. It would take you over 31,000 years to pay back this loan (assuming there was no interest). More importantly, $1 trillion is the estimated cost of cyber security attacks in 2020 and it is estimated that it could grow to more than $10.5 trillion by 2025.

As computers and the Internet have become a more integral part of our lives, so too has the threat of cyber attacks. As we continue to do more and more transactions online, the threat that our personal or financial information might be taken by a hacker becomes an even greater concern. Companies have a vested interest in prioritizing cyber security because cyber attacks can lead to loss of valuable intellectual property and vast sums of money. A single effective cyber attack can lead to long term ramifications that the company may struggle to recover from. Indeed, our reliance on technology has lead many to believe that future wars will not be initiated by bombs, but rather by cyber attacks to critical infrastructures.

Learning about these threats and beginning to understand how we can protect systems against these threats is the impetus for the Cyber Literacy Elective. We as programmers are on the frontlines of ensuring that applications and programs are secure against cyber attacks. Indeed, there are many laws in place to require that we prioritize cyber security or risk are jobs for failing to properly secure our applications.

Luckily, the <span style = "color: #FE4646">**Open Web Application Security Project**</span> otherwise known as OWASP has created a convenient list of the Top 10 web application security risks. We can use this [OWASP Top 10](https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/) to:
1. Learn about top security risks that may be present in our applications
2. Develop our skills to ensure that these

During this module, we will be using an intentionally insecure application called the OWASP This is an app that is designed to be hacked in order to learn all about security vulnerabilities in our code. We will use the app to learn and apply all of the vulnerabilities found in the OWASP Top 10 to real-world application.

⭐️ <span style = "color: #21B581">**After this module, you will have a solid understanding of:**</span>
- What the OWASP Top 10 is and how it can be applied to web applications
- Different techniques hackers use to attack applications
- How web applications can be secured against attacks by malicious actors

⭐️ <span style = "color: #21B581">**Finally, we will conclude this elective by creating two projects.**</span>
- First, you will research one of the OWASP Top 10 not covered in this elective and create a presentation to educate your peers about this security risk and how we can protect our applications against these
- Second, you will select an application in your portfolio and build a new more secure version of this application.

Whether you plan to become a cyber security expert in the future or just want to learn more about web security, we hope that you use this module to learn something new, explore different hacking techniques that are used on web applications, and apply what you have learned to projects you have already built.

Happy hacking!