# Crypto Exercise

**TASK**: Today we’ll see an example of encrypting data via [Node’s built-in crypto library](https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#crypto). Write two functions:
- `encryptMessage`, which takes a `message` (a string) and returns the encrypted version of the string.
- `decryptMessage`, which takes an encrypted `encryptedMessage` and returns the decrypted message.

## `encryptMessage` 📝

1. Create a cipher using crypto’s [createCipheriv](https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#cryptocreatecipherivalgorithm-key-iv-options) method. This method creates and returns a Cipher object, with the given algorithm, key and initialization vector (iv).
    <details>

    ```javascript
    const cipher = crypto.createCipheriv(algorithm, key, initVector);
    ```

    </details>

2. This outputs a Cipher instance, which is not our desired end result. It doesn’t even contain the message! So next, we’ll need to call [update](https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#cipherupdatedata-inputencoding-outputencoding) on the cipher, to insert the data. The method needs 3 arguments: 
    - The data (in this case, `message`)
    - Input encoding (we’ll use `'utf-8'`)
    - Output encoding (we’ll use `'hex'` which is hexadecimal or base 16).
    <details>

    ```javascript
    let encryptedData = cipher.update(message, "utf-8", "hex");
    ```

    </details>

3. Finally, we’ll need to call [final](https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#cipherfinaloutputencoding) on the cipher instance. Since update can be called multiple times, this method (unsurprisingly) *finalizes the encryption*. Once `cipher.final()` has been called, the Cipher object can no longer be used to encrypt data. This is good, because it ensures data integrity! The return value of this call needs to be concatenated to the encryptedData.
    <details>

    ```javascript
    encryptedData += cipher.final("hex");
    ```

    </details>

4. Don’t forget to return the encryptedData!
5. The first 2 tests should now PASS

## `decryptMessage` 📝

**GOAL**: This function is almost the same steps but using [createDecipheriv](https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#cryptocreatedecipherivalgorithm-key-iv-options).

1. Create a decipher instance using [createDecipheriv](https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#cryptocreatedecipherivalgorithm-key-iv-options). The method creates and returns a decipher object, with the given algorithm, key, and initialization vector.
    <details>

    ```javascript
    const decipher = crypto.createDecipheriv(algorithm, key, initVector);
    ```

    </details>

2. Call [update](https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#decipherupdatedata-inputencoding-outputencoding) on the decipher, to insert the encrypted message. This method takes 3 arguments also.
- The first is the encrypted message
- The next two are the same as the `cipher.update` arguments, but in the opposite order. `'hex'` and `'utf-8'` since we’re going from hexadecimal to utf-8 this time.
    <details>

    ```javascript
    let decryptedData = decipher.update(encryptedData, "hex", "utf-8");
    ```

    </details>

3. Call [final](https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#decipherfinaloutputencoding) on the decipher instance. The return value of this call again needs to be concatenated to the decryptedData.
    <details>

    ```javascript
    decryptedData += decipher.final("utf8");
    ```

    </details>

4. As with the previous function, don’t forget to `return` your `decryptedData`!
5. All tests should now PASS